README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Foundry-v0.7.9-informational)
<!--- Downloads @ Latest Badge -->
<!--- replace <user>/<repo> with your username/repository -->
![Latest Release Download Count](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/freudiangoat/material-remote/latest/module.zip)

<!--- Forge Bazaar Install % Badge -->
<!--- replace <your-module-name> with the `name` in your manifest -->
<!--- ![Forge Installs](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?label=Forge%20Installs&query=package.installs&suffix=%25&url=https%3A%2F%2Fforge-vtt.com%2Fapi%2Fbazaar%2Fpackage%2F<your-module-name>&colorB=4aa94a) -->

# Changelog

## 0.1.4

* Added support for beginning and ending combat encounters.
* Minor bug fixes.

## 0.1.3

* First release
* Added support for two message types: 'button' and 'analog'
* Macros can be bound to incoming messages
* Remote server is informed of all buttons that are bound to actions.

# Description

Material Remote is a Foundry VTT module that provides a flexible way to have an external service control your games in Foundry VTT.

Currently, the module supports performing the following actions within foundry:

- [x] Executing macros
- [ ] Changing scene lighting
- [x] Starting/Finishing combat
- [ ] Controlling Playlists

# License

MIT Licensed

Commit message:

0.2.0 release, added states and basic lighting control.

README.md, after:

# Websocket Remote

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Foundry-v0.7.9-informational)
![Latest Release Download Count](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/freudiangoat/material-remote/latest/module.zip)

<!--- Forge Bazaar Install % Badge -->
<!--- replace <your-module-name> with the `name` in your manifest -->
<!--- ![Forge Installs](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?label=Forge%20Installs&query=package.installs&suffix=%25&url=https%3A%2F%2Fforge-vtt.com%2Fapi%2Fbazaar%2Fpackage%2F<your-module-name>&colorB=4aa94a) -->

## Changelog

### 0.2.0

* Added support for multiple states with independent mappings.
* Fixed undefined references when receiving unmapped messages.
* Updated the spec for analog messages.
* Added support for changing the darkness of scenes using analog controls.
* Buttons can be used to switch between states.

### 0.1.4

* Added support for beginning and ending combat encounters.
* Minor bug fixes.

### 0.1.3

* First release
* Added support for two message types: 'button' and 'analog'
* Macros can be bound to incoming messages
* Remote server is informed of all buttons that are bound to actions.

## Description

Material Remote is a Foundry VTT module that provides a flexible way to have an external service control your games in Foundry VTT.

Currently, the module supports performing the following actions within foundry:

- [x] Executing macros
- [x] Changing scene lighting
- [x] Starting/Finishing combat
- [ ] Controlling Playlists

## License

MIT Licensed
